okay this video I'm going to be
connecting the EVGA SR to 1200 watt
power supply to the EVGA classified sr-2
motherboard so let's first begin by
unraveling this ridiculous amount of
cabling
well relatively free doing I'm going to
put them all outside and only putting in
one cable at a time as I need them so
first and foremost is the power supply
to the big mother board and the question
is which pin goes where and
interestingly enough you can only put in
this thing one way so that is the one
way that you can put it in ok so this is
the power that goes to the flow by the
board now the other thing I have to do
is connect the cpu power and this
particular cable is actually labeled cpu
so thumb i'm going to be connecting a
directly to the primary cpu
go and the kinder seekers will be here
so pans are right here for the power so
let me connect the first one first it
goes in or so yep and this is the second
power connector for the primary cpu and
it goes in like so and that's it as far
as the primary cpu now i need to connect
the power to the second cpu and this is
the cable toward the second one and the
second cpu is right over here so i'm
going to put the power right next to it
Oh actually I made a mistake this is the
primary this one is the secondary so let
me move that over
disconnect this okay now let me take
this one here and plug it in and then
it's over here goes in like so perfect
okay now secondary has three connectors
it has the main one for the motherboard
the auxiliary for the overclocking and
the PCI connectors as well so you
connect this one first and it goes in
like so have the auxiliary that goes in
so
perfect
okay now the only other there any other
power than missing I think that's about
it check to make sure it and for done or
miss anything but I think that's all we
have to do to connect the motherboard
yep that's it there's no more connectors
so this concludes the video of
connecting the power supply to the
motherboard stay tuned for another video
shortly coming up